how Google uses NLP and how you can too
with your SEO have you noticed that when
you search on Google in most cases they
know what you're looking for it's
because they're using NLP NLP stands for
natural linguistic processing this helps
Google understand that when you search
for terms like apple are you actually
looking for the food or the computer
company that sells phones they use NLP
in their algorithm updates just like
Bert and Mum here's a rough overview of
NLP and how it's used by search engines
you first have speech recognition text
to speech and speech to text then you
have extracting the meaning of sentences
and parts of sentences or phrases such
as adjectives like too short or
prepositional phrases like to the house
then you have recognizing basic forms of
words and acquisition of grammatical
information then you got recognizing
functions of individual words in a
sentence such as a subject a verb
objective or even an article then you
have segmenting previously captured
speech into individual words sentences
and phrases without boring you with all
the details surgeons are using NLP to
figure out what your content is all
about and matching it to what people or
Searchers want this means that your
rankings aren't just going to be based
off of keywords so when you're doing
your SEO don't think about keywords but
more so think about topics what is
everything that you need to cover honest
specific web page to be thorough about
your topic and to make sure people are
like whoa this article covered
everything I don't need to go to another
source that way there's no uncertainty
for the reader or visitor so how do you
do this first off I want you to head
over to Uber says and type in a keyword
related to the topic you're focusing on
and you'll want to do this with all the
main keywords that the topic that you're
covering is about for example I'm using
here the term digital marketing in the
left hand navigation I want you to click
on keyword ideas this is where you can
find a lot of different keywords I want
you to click on the different tabs
related questions and prepositions this
is where you'll find a lot more keywords
and many of them are based on NLP
integrating some of those words and
Concepts into your topics will help
ensure that your content is thorough
which will help you rank higher now if
some of those keywords aren't related to
the topic that you're covering don't
include them
don't just add in these keywords for the
sake of trying to get more traffic make
sure you're focusing on the best user
experience
The Next Step I want you to take is to
use the AI rider in the lab sections of
ubersidas the AI Rider uses NLP to
figure out what people are looking for
related to any keyword now the AR Rider
won't write a whole article for you and
I wouldn't publish it in its form but
it'll give you a start and save you
around half the time it takes a writing
content so head over to the AI writer on
the left hand navigation from there put
in the keyword you want the article to
be about for this example I select the
term marketing then select the title
that works for you
then select the meta description that
works for you from the list provided
then select a few headings now keep in
mind when you're selecting the title The
Meta description of the headings keep in
mind you can modify this later on so it
doesn't have to be perfect and once you
go to the final step boom within seconds
Uber says we'll spit out our article for
you again I wouldn't recommend
publishing that article in this current
state but you can use it as a starting
map fill in the rest modify it you know
shift around how things are laid out add
some images videos expand upon the text
in other words make it so amazing people
won't really read another article and
that's how you can use NLP to improve
your SEO now if you just want my team to
do all of this for you check out our Ad
Agency NP digital where we help
companies from all sizes and from all
over the world grow if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to help if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell the people about it thank
you for your time